---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: "I started off in the Electrical Engineering field while in high school. At the time the trade school I was enrolled in called the vocational trade 'Electronics.' It was aptly named for the first two years we spent most of our time studying basic DC and AC theory and lab applications as it applied to small scale devices."
datePublished: '2016-05-05T17:14:52.257Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-05T17:14:10.993Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-05-about-me.md
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
url: about-me/index.html
_type: Article

---
I started off in the Electrical Engineering field while in high school. At the time the trade school I was enrolled in called the vocational trade 'Electronics.' It was aptly named for the first two years we spent most of our time studying basic DC and AC theory and lab applications as it applied to small scale devices.

As the industry was booming and the high school was developing a more refined trade, our work became diverse and more allied to Engineering. Thus the trade was renamed to 'Engineering.' For the final two years we not only continued to learn more complex electronic engineering and technologies, but had added robotics, basic programming, Solid Works, and project management and record keeping to our course work. 

Nearing the end of days in high school I encountered, what most face, the decision to find work right away using what I had learned or to pursue higher education. It wasn't a hard decision, higher education was my target and I aimed right for it. 

Once in college I pursued the same path, this time named 'Electrical Engineering, Technologies.' I learned to late that this path was a bit different than 'Electrical Engineering,' but we were ensured through our course work that there was little difference between our studies and that of an 'Electrical Engineering' degree studies. 

A year after graduating I was able to secure a position in a related field, though it felt foreign and an insurmountable field to adjust to. Electrical Building Engineering felt so alien to me, that even the 8 years of Electrical knowledge I had felt fleeting and useless. Making the connections from high power work to the low power studies appeared to be slim since only the basics were necessary.   
After two years of learning a whole series of new skill sets, I finally was able to adjust myself in a manner that improved my natural feel for the work I was doing; yet it still feels out of place and unnatural. This led me to explore what my goals and passions really are. 

Over time refined and developed a few passions I wanted to pursue. Some of which became more of a hobby. However I actively challenge myself to go beyond being tied to just Electrical Engineering and pursue these other venues. These include; computer engineering, computer networking, development, community manager, and online internet personality and entertainer. 

Contrary to what I wish to pursue, there are things that I know I must accomplish if I wish to further better myself and make a positive lasting impact for future generations. These steps include obtaining my EIT Certification, my LEED Certification, Master Degree in Engineering, a PhD in Engineering, my PE Licence, studying topics that are directly related to passions, and expanding my overall general knowledge of the industries I wish to be apart of. 

My hopes are that this website and introduction to myself will help allow me to network outside of who I know in person so that I may find those to guide me, reveal new paths, and even work with me in pursuing a life in which I can be happy with, feel as though I belong in, and one I can call my own.